In Stormhill: Dropped by Margit the Fell Omen or Morgott the Omen King. Replaces Talisman Pouch
In Stormveil Castle: Dropped by Godrick the Grafted. Replaces Godrick's Great Rune, Remembrance of the Grafted
In Weeping Peninsula: Dropped by Leonine Misbegotten south of Castle Morne. Replaces Grafted Blade Greatsword
In Liurnia: Dropped by Royal Knight Loretta. Replaces Loretta's Greatbow, Ash of War: Loretta's Slash
In Academy of Raya Lucaria: Dropped by Red Wolf of Radagon. Replaces Memory Stone
In Academy of Raya Lucaria: Dropped by Rennala. Replaces Great Rune of the Unborn, Remembrance of the Full Moon Queen
In Siofra River: Dropped by Ancestor Spirit. Replaces Ancestral Follower Ashes
In Ainsel River Downstream: Dropped by Dragonkin Soldier of Nokstella. Replaces Frozen Lightning Spear
In Ruin-Strewn Precipice: Dropped by Magma Wyrm Makar. Replaces Magma Wyrm's Scalesword, Dragon Heart
In Altus Plateau: Dropped by Elemer of the Briar. Replaces Marais Executioner's Sword, Briar Greatshield
In Leyndell: Dropped by Godfrey, First Elden Lord, in the Erdtree Sanctuary. Replaces Talisman Pouch
In Leyndell: Dropped by Morgott the Omen King. Replaces Morgott's Great Rune, Remembrance of the Omen King
In Subterranean Shunning-Grounds: Dropped by Mohg the Omen. Replaces Bloodflame Talons
In Caelid: Dropped by Starscourge Radahn. Replaces Radahn's Great Rune, Remembrance of the Starscourge
In Nokron, Eternal City: Dropped by Mimic Tear. Replaces Silver Tear Mask, Larval Tear 2x
In Nokron, Eternal City: Dropped by Regal Ancestor Spirit. Replaces Remembrance of the Regal Ancestor
In Nokron, Eternal City: Dropped by Valiant Gargoyles after Siofra Aqueduct. Replaces Gargoyle's Greatsword, Gargoyle's Twinblade
In Volcano Manor: Dropped by Godskin Noble. Replaces Godskin Stitcher, Noble Presence
In Volcano Manor: Dropped by Rykard. Replaces Rykard's Great Rune, Remembrance of the Blasphemous
In Ainsel River: Dropped by Astel, Naturalborn of the Void. Replaces Remembrance of the Naturalborn
In Mountaintops of the Giants: Dropped by Commander Niall in Castle Sol. Replaces Veteran's Prosthesis
In Flame Peak: Dropped by Fire Giant. Replaces Remembrance of the Fire Giant
In Farum Azula: Dropped by Godskin Duo. Replaces Smithing-Stone Miner's Bell Bearing [4], Ash of War: Black Flame Tornado
In Farum Azula: Dropped by Dragonlord Placidusax. Replaces Remembrance of the Dragonlord
In Farum Azula: Dropped by Maliketh, the Black Blade. Replaces Remembrance of the Black Blade
In Haligtree: Dropped by Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree. Replaces Loretta's War Sickle, Loretta's Mastery
In Haligtree: Dropped by Malenia. Replaces Malenia's Great Rune, Remembrance of the Rot Goddess
In Mohgwyn: Dropped by Mohg, Lord of Blood. Replaces Mohg's Great Rune, Remembrance of the Blood Lord
In Ashen Leyndell: Dropped by Hoarah Loux. Replaces Remembrance of Hoarah Loux
In Stone Platform: Dropped by Elden Beast. Replaces Elden Remembrance
In Belurat: Dropped by Divine Beast Dancing Lion. Replaces Remembrance of the Dancing Lion
In Castle Ensis: Dropped by Rellana, Twin Moon Knight. Replaces Remembrance of the Twin Moon Knight
In Shadow Keep: Dropped by Golden Hippopotamus. Replaces Aspects of the Crucible: Thorns, Scadutree Fragment 2x
In Specimen Storehouse: Dropped by Messmer the Impaler. Replaces Remembrance of the Impaler, Messmer's Kindling
In Scadutree Base: Dropped by Scadutree Avatar. Replaces Remembrance of the Shadow Sunflower, Miquella's Great Rune
In Stone Coffin Fissure: Dropped by Putrescent Knight. Replaces Remembrance of Putrescence
In Ancient Ruins of Rauh: Dropped by Romina, Saint of the Bud. Replaces Remembrance of the Saint of the Bud
In Scaduview: Dropped by Commander Gaius. Replaces Remembrance of the Wild Boar Rider
In Midra's Manse: Dropped by Midra, Lord of Frenzied Flame. Replaces Remembrance of the Lord of Frenzied Flame
In Jagged Peak: Dropped by Bayle the Dread. Replaces Heart of Bayle
In Finger Birthing Grounds: Dropped by Metyr, Mother of Fingers. Replaces Remembrance of the Mother of Fingers
In Enir-Ilim: Dropped by Promised Consort Radahn. Replaces Remembrance of a God and a Lord
